README.md, before:

Language Learning
=================

Installation
------------

Retreive the source

    $ git clone https://github.com/antoviaque/languagelearning.git

You will need a version of `distribute` >= 0.6.28. If you use https://github.com/brainsik/virtualenv-burrito you can upgrade with this command:

    $ ~/.venvburrito/bin/virtualenv-burrito upgrade

Install the dependencies:

    $ cd languagelearning
    $ mkvirtualenv languagelearning
    $ pip install -r requirements.txt

Configuration
-------------

Edit the configuration file:

    $ cp local_settings.py.dist local_settings.py
    $ gvim local_settings.py

To set the `GOOGLE_API_KEY` variable:

* Go to https://code.google.com/apis/console
* Get the API key at the bottom of the page
* Activate Google Translate in "Services"
* Setup billing

To set the `BING_API_KEY` variable:

* Go to http://www.bing.com/developers/
* Click on "Search API"
* Click on "Sign up" for 5000 requests (free plan)

Running the server
------------------

### Development mode

To run the development server (loading static files directly from the /static
directory and avoid having to reload the server during development):

    $ ./manage.py runserver

Then go to http://localhost:8000

Running the tests
-----------------

### Browser tests

phantomjs is used for automated headless browser testing.  To run these tests,
you'll need to make sure you've got phantomjs.  On Mac, that would be:

    $ brew install phantomjs

On debian/ubuntu, you will need to install phantomjs from source to have the 
latest version (the repository currently contains 1.6.0). Download the source
from http://phantomjs.org/download.html and create a symlink to the 
`bin/phantomjs` binary from your path.

Then, in the root project directory:

    $ npm install mocha-phantomjs mocha

Finally, in the root project directory (while the test server is running on
port 8000):

    $ make test-client

### Server tests

To run all tests:

    $ ./manage.py test

To run only the application tests (excluding Django & external packages):

    $ ./manage.py test languagelearning

To run a specific test:

    $ ./manage.py test languagelearning.ASampleTestClass.test_sample_test

Commit message:

js-compressor-build: adds `make build` step, adds lines to README about how to serve the resulting files

README.md, after:

Language Learning
=================

Installation
------------

Retreive the source

    $ git clone https://github.com/antoviaque/languagelearning.git

You will need a version of `distribute` >= 0.6.28. If you use https://github.com/brainsik/virtualenv-burrito you can upgrade with this command:

    $ ~/.venvburrito/bin/virtualenv-burrito upgrade

Install the dependencies:

    $ cd languagelearning
    $ mkvirtualenv languagelearning
    $ pip install -r requirements.txt

Configuration
-------------

Edit the configuration file:

    $ cp local_settings.py.dist local_settings.py
    $ gvim local_settings.py

To set the `GOOGLE_API_KEY` variable:

* Go to https://code.google.com/apis/console
* Get the API key at the bottom of the page
* Activate Google Translate in "Services"
* Setup billing

To set the `BING_API_KEY` variable:

* Go to http://www.bing.com/developers/
* Click on "Search API"
* Click on "Sign up" for 5000 requests (free plan)

Running the server
------------------

### Development mode

To run the development server (loading static files directly from the /static
directory and avoid having to reload the server during development):

    $ ./manage.py runserver

Then go to http://localhost:8000

### In production

To compile static assets, run

    $ make build

This will compile, uglify, and compress (using gzip) all assets into
`static/build`.  You will then need to set up a proxy to serve all assets at
`static` from `static/build`, ensuring that `Content-Encoding: gzip` is set as
a header for any assets ending with `.html`, `.js`, or `.css`.

Running the tests
-----------------

### Browser tests

phantomjs is used for automated headless browser testing.  To run these tests,
you'll need to make sure you've got phantomjs.  On Mac, that would be:

    $ brew install phantomjs

On debian/ubuntu, you will need to install phantomjs from source to have the 
latest version (the repository currently contains 1.6.0). Download the source
from http://phantomjs.org/download.html and create a symlink to the 
`bin/phantomjs` binary from your path.

Then, in the root project directory:

    $ npm install mocha-phantomjs mocha

Finally, in the root project directory (while the test server is running on
port 8000):

    $ make test-client

### Server tests

To run all tests:

    $ ./manage.py test

To run only the application tests (excluding Django & external packages):

    $ ./manage.py test languagelearning

To run a specific test:

    $ ./manage.py test languagelearning.ASampleTestClass.test_sample_test
